docs: add react component docs (#117)
stackblitz/tutorialkit: docs/tutorialkit.dev/src/content/docs/reference/react-components.mdx

  <ExampleFileTree slot="preview" client:load />
  <Code slot="code" code={sourceExampleFileTree} lang="tsx" class="limit-code-height" />
</Example>

#### Props

* `files: string[]` - The list of file paths to display. Each path should start with a `/` and be separated by `/` for directories. The array should be sorted in the order you want the files to be displayed while making sure that the files that share the same parent directory are grouped together.

* `selectedFile?: string` - The path of the file that should be selected. This will be highlighted in the tree.

* `onFileSelect: (file: string) => void` - A callback that will be called when a file is clicked. The path of the file that was clicked will be passed as an argument.

* `hideRoot: boolean` - Whether or not to hide the root directory in the tree. Defaults to `false`.

* `hiddenFiles: (string | RegExp)[]` - A list of file paths that should be hidden from the tree.

* `scope?: string` - Every file paths that does not starts with this scope will be hidden.

* `className?: string` - A class name to apply to the root element of the component.

### `CodeMirrorEditor`

> A component to edit code with syntax highlighting using CodeMirror 6. This component support multi-file edits by caching its state when moving between files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A component to edit code with syntax highlighting using [CodeMirror 6](https://codemirror.net/). This component supports multi-file edits by caching its state when moving between files.
```

  ```
  </Fragment>
  <Fragment slot="pnpm">
  ```shell
  pnpm install @tutorialkit/components-react @tutorialkit/theme unocss @iconify-json/ph fast-glob
  ```
  </Fragment>
  <Fragment slot="yarn">
  ```shell
  yarn add @tutorialkit/components-react @tutorialkit/theme unocss @iconify-json/ph fast-glob
  ```
  </Fragment>
</PackageManagerTabs>

To setup UnoCSS with TutorialKit's components, you need to create a `uno.config.ts`:

```ts title=uno.config.ts
import { theme, rules, shortcuts } from '@tutorialkit/theme';
import { convertPathToPattern, globSync } from 'fast-glob';
import fs from 'node:fs/promises';
import { join } from 'path';
import { defineConfig, presetIcons, presetUno, transformerDirectives } from 'unocss';

export default defineConfig({
  theme,
  rules,
  shortcuts,
  content: {
    inline: globSync(
      `${convertPathToPattern(join(require.resolve('@tutorialkit/components-react'), '..'))}/**/*.js`,
    ).map((filePath) => {
      return () => fs.readFile(filePath, { encoding: 'utf8' });
    }),
  },
  transformers: [transformerDirectives()],
  presets: [presetUno(), presetIcons()],
});
```

Then you need all the CSS variables used by TutorialKit design system:

> <Code code={themeCSS} lang="css" title="src/theme.css" class="limit-code-height" />

Reviewer: Nice! 😻 

Is this something that we could show on theming page as well? There it would be great to have a reference `theme.css` that could be used as base when starting to make changes in the theme.

Author: Added! :raised_hands:

#### Example

<Example>
  <ExampleTerminal slot="preview" client:load />
  <Code slot="code" code={sourceExampleTerminal} lang="tsx" class="limit-code-height" />
</Example>

#### Props

* `readonly?: boolean` - Whether or not the terminal is readonly. Defaults to `true`.

* `onTerminalReady?: (terminal: Terminal) => void` - A callback that will be called when the terminal is ready. The `Terminal` instance from `xterm` will be provided as an argument.

* `onTerminalResize?: (cols: number, rows: number) => void` - A callback that will be called when the terminal is resized. The number of columns and rows will be provided as arguments. This is typically used to send a `SIGWINCH` signal to the running webcontainer process that is connected to the terminal.

* `theme: 'dark' | 'light'` - The theme to use for the editor. Two values are available: `light` and `dark`.

* `className?: string` - A class name to apply to the root element of the component.

[webcontainers]: https://webcontainers.io

> [stackblitz-example]: https://stackblitz.com

Author: Oops, yes it should :facepalm: :joy:

> [stackblitz-example]: https://stackblitz.com

Author: Updated :+1:
